Add support for sliding window function frames (#346)
bodo-ai/PyDough: documentation/functions.md

- `expression`: the singular expression to take the sum of across multiple rows.
- `per` (optional): optional argument (default `None`) for the same `per` argument as all other window functions.
- `by` (optional): 1+ collation values, either as a single expression or an iterable of expressions, used to order the records of the current context. Can only be provided if `cumulative` is True or `frame` is provided.
- `cumulative` (optional): optional argument (default `False`) that can only be `True` if the `by` argument is provided. If `True`, then instead of returning the sum of all of the data in the context, returns the cumulative sum of all rows up to and including the current row when sorted according to the keys in the `by` argument. This argument cannot be provided if `frame` is also provided.

> - `frame` (optional): optional argument that, if provided, must be a tuple of two values `(lower, upper)` that are each either integer literals or None. If provided, it means the relative sum is performed on a subset of the selected records based on the values of `lower` and `upper` when sorted according to the keys in the `by` argument:

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
- `frame` (optional): optional argument that, if provided, must be a tuple of two values `(lower, upper)`, where each value is either an integer literal or None. If provided, it means the relative sum is performed on a subset of the selected records based on the values of `lower` and `upper` when sorted according to the keys in the `by` argument:
```

> - `frame` (optional): optional argument that, if provided, must be a tuple of two values `(lower, upper)` that are each either integer literals or None. If provided, it means the relative sum is performed on a subset of the selected records based on the values of `lower` and `upper` when sorted according to the keys in the `by` argument:

Reviewer: We need to mention that if `frame` is provided, `by` must be provided as well.

- `expression`: the singular expression to take the average of across multiple rows.
- `per` (optional): optional argument (default `None`) for the same `per` argument as all other window functions.
- `by` (optional): 1+ collation values, either as a single expression or an iterable of expressions, used to order the records of the current context. Can only be provided if `cumulative` is True or `frame` is provided.
- `cumulative` (optional): optional argument (default `False`) that can only be `True` if the `by` argument is provided. If `True`, then instead of returning the average of all of the data in the context, returns the cumulative average of all rows up to and including the current row when sorted according to the keys in the `by` argument. This argument cannot be provided if `frame` is also provided.

> - `frame` (optional): optional argument that, if provided, must be a tuple of two values `(lower, upper)` that are each either integer literals or None. If provided, it means the relative average is performed on a subset of the selected records based on the values of `lower` and `upper` when sorted according to the keys in the `by` argument:

Reviewer: Same
```suggestion
- `frame` (optional): optional argument that, if provided, must be a tuple of two values `(lower, upper)`, where each value is either an integer literal or None. If provided, it means the relative average is performed on a subset of the selected records based on the values of `lower` and `upper` when sorted according to the keys in the `by` argument:
```

- `expression`: the singular expression to count the number of non-null entries across multiple rows.
- `per` (optional): optional argument (default `None`) for the same `per` argument as all other window functions.
- `by` (optional): 1+ collation values, either as a single expression or an iterable of expressions, used to order the records of the current context. Can only be provided if `cumulative` is True or `frame` is provided.
- `cumulative` (optional): optional argument (default `False`) that can only be `True` if the `by` argument is provided. If `True`, then instead of returning the count of all of the data in the context, returns the cumulative count of all rows up to and including the current row when sorted according to the keys in the `by` argument. This argument cannot be provided if `frame` is also provided.

> - `frame` (optional): optional argument that, if provided, must be a tuple of two values `(lower, upper)` that are each either integer literals or None. If provided, it means the relative count is performed on a subset of the selected records based on the values of `lower` and `upper` when sorted according to the keys in the `by` argument:

Reviewer: Same
```suggestion
- `frame` (optional): optional argument that, if provided, must be a tuple of two values `(lower, upper)`, where each value is either an integer literal or None. If provided, it means the relative count is performed on a subset of the selected records based on the values of `lower` and `upper` when sorted according to the keys in the `by` argument:
```

# Same as previous example, but using frames to exclude the current record
# instead of subtracting (acctbal >= 0)
Customers.CALCULATE(n_poorer_non_debt=RELCOUNT(KEEP_IF(acctbal, acctbal >= 0), by=(acctbal.ASC()), frame=(None, -1)))
```

<!-- TOC --><a name="relsize"></a>

### RELSIZE

The `RELSIZE` function returns the number of total records, either globally or the number of sub-collection records per some ancestor collection. The arguments:

- `per` (optional): optional argument (default `None`) for the same `per` argument as all other window functions.
- `by` (optional): 1+ collation values, either as a single expression or an iterable of expressions, used to order the records of the current context. Can only be provided if `cumulative` is True or `frame` is provided.
- `cumulative` (optional): optional argument (default `False`) that can only be `True` if the `by` argument is provided. If `True`, then instead of returning the number records in the context, returns the cumulative number of records up to and including the current row when sorted according to the keys in the `by` argument. This argument cannot be provided if `frame` is also provided.

> - `frame` (optional): optional argument that, if provided, must be a tuple of two values `(lower, upper)` that are each either integer literals or None. If provided, it means the relative size is performed on a subset of the selected records based on the values of `lower` and `upper` when sorted according to the keys in the `by` argument:

Reviewer: Same
```suggestion
- `frame` (optional): optional argument that, if provided, must be a tuple of two values `(lower, upper)`, where each value is either an integer literal or None. If provided, it means the relative size is performed on a subset of the selected records based on the values of `lower` and `upper` when sorted according to the keys in the `by` argument:
```
